fix(table): row selection: space after checkbox incorrect (#1272)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.2/migration.md

- <span class="badge bg-warning">Warning</span> All forms examples have been modified to add a `.mt-2` to all submit buttons in order to always have 30px between the last form control and the button. Please reflect this modification into your websites.

### Contents

- **Tables**

>   - When using row selection (checkboxes), use `.has-checkbox` on the table to get correct spacing on the first column.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
  - Reintroduction of `.has-checkbox` from v4 to display correctly the row selection in the first column of tables. 
```

Author: I also add a warning because, if this is a migration guide from 5.1 to 5.2, adding has-checkbox class is needed...
